a brother this is how y'all do it hope
you guys are doing fantastic I'm here
today to show you guys my skincare
nighttime routine in the summer so I
know you thinkin summer's over why are
you just doing this video well because
in California it stays hot until October
it's blazing hot right now it is still
summer to me so well they're not even on
the west coast or if you live in the
islands or anywhere words extremely more
hopefully this video will be helpful to
you I have extremely oily skin
especially on my t-zone I'm super super
oily and so it's really important for me
to keep my skin under control so I do
not break out so I'm gonna go ahead and
show you what I do in the evening let's
go so during the week I don't wear much
makeup I just put a little bit of tinted
moisturizer on and I feel my eyebrows in
my favorite favorite makeup light are
the simple sensitive skin cleansing
facial wipes because it has no harsh
chemicals in it no harsh ingredient is
still off and I just want my face with
it there's all the nasty makeup on it
now there are some days when I have a
lot of foundation on I men went out and
my face is full makeup it's very thick
very heavy my favorite favorite favorite
products for you is to take off my
makeup the lush 925 cleansing lotion
this is hands down one of my staple
beauty products it's very simple to huge
just squirt it out a little bit of it
I just put it on my face just rub it
like this like just like lotion
you can get this from any drugstore I
get one of these cleansing pads and I
just wipe off the makeup
and you can see that the white didn't
get all the makeup off because there's a
whole bunch of foundation that was still
in my face and I don't consider myself
someone that wears a whole lot of
foundation all the weekdays I use maybe
a dime sized amount for my whole face so
the cleansing wife wasn't picking up all
this extra makeup now if I'm really
really really lazy that's it a little
bit and we'll wash my face because that
serves the same purpose as washing my
face with soap and water I don't have to
get my face wet on soaking my clothes
what I could just go to sleep but almost
think I will wash my face and my
favorite sub to use right now to wash my
face at night ND basha detoxing black
cleanser and it is a warming gel
cleanser that deeply cleans in the tops
of eyes your skin one thing I actually
love about this is that it warms up it
actually warms up it gets more on your
face and that feels really nice so i'll
show you how i use this okay so this is
my face after washing with the baasha
and it looks brighter as you can see i'm
sure you can see the significant
difference in how bright my facelift and
it feels very soft and luscious so now
when upon my toner and my moisturizer so
my favorite favorite toner I got from
Target it's an apple cider vinegar toner
with witch hazel and essential oil and
again I'm going to use the little swab
to put it on my face
so now I consider my face completely
completely clean now in the summer it's
really hot especially being in Southern
California is very hot and I don't like
to wait my face down with heavy creams
at night especially because my face is
very very very quickly and I just don't
want to break out so what I use in the
summer is a serum from esten letter it's
called an advanced night repair and it's
a wonderful wonderful wonderful sound
it's moisturizing it also absorbs really
really fast so it's perfect it comes
with a little dropper top and that only
use a little bit squeeze the top like
this put it into my hand about that much
and that's it that's it that's all I do
at night my face feels really good it
looks really good it looks very clean
and I'm able to prevent breakout also it
will prevent my face from being super
oily during the day it's wonderful there
are some days that I do masks during the
week in the summer time I try and do one
mass per week and my favorite mask is
called massive magnetic from lush and it
is a fantastic base and body mask i only
use it on my face and I do it once a
week and it's wonderful full of
peppermints it cleanses deeply these my
face soft and beautiful and i love it on
that summer night so that's it for my
son or nighttime skincare routine please
let me know if you want me to a video
for my morning routine for oily skin and
if you guys have any questions let me
know don't be consumed all thank you so
much for watch
channel and I hope you guys have a
wonderful time